Sister Bringo
How are you here?
Isn't this a good scene?
Are you familiar with the lines?
Don't worry, word for word.
Our Qiao family has a high value and a good memory.
So coincidentally, so is our farm family
So you and my sister are a perfect match?
Why don't you be my brother-in-law?
What do you mean?
Are you kidding?
Hurry up and get ready
It's about to start.
Hey, why is your belly so big?
Are you pregnant?
Hey, you big head
I'm the person who sits in the office every day
It's normal to have a little belly, okay?
Go and shoot, sister, you can transfer here first.
Brother Molly
I still need someone to help me take stills
Why don't you help me take stills?
Walking, walking, sister, um
Why didn't Xiao Wang come to the company for a day?
What is he going to do?
Miss Qiao is on annual leave
His brother wants to turn it on.
He was worried, so he went to visit the shift
His brother is filming
Why don't I know which company?
So Xinyu in the hands of the second young master
It is said that the one who brought him was still Xinyu's ace agent
Rong Xiuyuan is Rong Xiuyuan again
What is this woman up to?
Bette will go to health care immediately